Date -- who with
Brief Title
Short sentence descriptions of the conversation (Code review)
Include a point of reflection (what did I learn) and what my planned actions are

--------------------------------------------
WEEK 2 - How to work with public/private variables
13 August 2026 with Arie

Today Arie and I talked about how I have my public and private variables set. Arie taught me how public variables have
public read AND WRITE access. Thus, by default, most variables should be set to private, and then read/write access is
provided through getters and setters. We also looked at how such variables are handled in Python vs. lower-level
languages like C++, where, for example, when using linked lists, the separate nodes can naturally be "separated" from
the rest of the memory, meaning it's OK for them to be public. I also had the opportunity to consider adding more input
validations within my constructors.

My next steps are to change my design to change most of the variables to private attributes. Then I will add getters
(and setters where appropriate) to control the public interface of the classes.


--------------------------------------------
WEEK 3 - Reviewing SOLID principles and OOP design
20th August 2026 with Arie

In this session Arie and I discussed the current design of my financial system. He explained to me each of the SOLID
principles, and we discussed that when writing code, it can be more useful to focus on where the principles are being
violated instead of where they're demonstrated. Although my system is still quite simple at the present time, we
looked at where there could potentially be design errors, and we also discussed future plans such as implementing
proper error raising, and how we will expand the system in coming weeks. For example, I thought that when classes
assigned themselves IDs in addition to managing information about themselves, it may have violated the Single
Responsibility Principle (SRP), but Arie said if the classes are managing their own IDs then they were not particularly
violating anything -- although it could be an issue if, say, the Branch class managed the IDs for the Client class.

Arie also suggested that it's generally better to keep classes as separate as possible, or at least try to make them not
depend on each other too much. Another thing that we discussed was whether class attributes (outside of the instance)
should be included in the UML diagrams. Arie explained how it may be better to not include them as they are not really
relevant to the user, but he urged me to make a post on Ed Discussion about it for extra opinions.

I learned a lot about SOLID principles and how to apply them. In fact, Ari said it's somewhat difficult to violate
the principles if you're giving planning due process. As I move forward, I will take his advice to compare my code to
the SOLID principles from time to time and check whether any principles have been violated or not.

--------------------------------------------
WEEK 4 - Review of the Necromancy game (Project 2)
3 September 2026 with Arie

First we discussed how my code for Project 2 was all in one main.py file because we were not instructed to split
our code into modules. Arie clarified that going on from now, it's assumed that we should make variables private, and
split our classes into modules. We also discussed looped or circular dependencies, and that when you design your
classes, you should avoid making 2 classes rely on each other. It will cause problems that make the program not run,
and this may be why the ResourceManager class is treated as a separate class from Necromancer even though 1 Necromancer
has 1 ResourceManager. We also looked at my UML and clarified some logic.

Moving forward, I will split my code into different modules. I will also aim for low coupling, making classes as
independent as possible. I also learned that I need to include method parameters inside the UML, so I will need to
add those parameters to all my UML diagrams so far.

--------------------------------------------
WEEK 5 - Necromancy Inheritance Clarification
10 September 2026 with Arie

In this session, I was confused about the way class attributes were handled in Python. Specifically, in a parent class,
there was a class attribute and a method using that class attribute, and in a subclass, that class attribute was
overwritten. Arie used his C++ expertise and explained how in C++, the preferred method would most likely be to
override both the method and the class attribute in the subclass. Together, Arie and I tested this in my code, and it
turned out that Python does override the class attribute from the subclasses and there is no need to also override the
method.

As we move forward, I will set the class attributes for all of the involved subclasses and proceed to test and ensure
they continue to function properly. Then I will integrate all the subclasses into the SummoningRitual class.

--------------------------------------------
WEEK 6 - super(), the MRO, and the levelling functionality
17 September 2026 with Arie

Arie and I looked at two main things this session: my levelling functionality and the way that the MRO works with
super().

Currently, my levelling command inside Undead is level_up(self, level, health, power). I thought about it intuitively
and self identified that with this system, HEALTH_PER_LEVEL and POWER_PER_LEVEL functionally do nothing. I recognised
that I need to change my system to fully utilise these class attributes. Also, Arie and I discussed how the MRO works.
We gave DeathKnight its own command() method, using super(), to see which class's method it would use. I initially
thought it was going in reverse order, but upon closer inspection, each command() function had super() first, and THEN
its own code. Because super() was run first, it would hold off running its own code, and instead it would go up the MRO
chain first.

As we move forward, I will change the levelling system into level_up(self, level) so that it only takes how many levels
to level up by as its only parameter, with a default value of 1. I will then test the new system to ensure it works
with everything else as intended. For the MRO, none of my code was incorrect, but it's important to keep it in mind as
the project proceeds.